Burning Barrel
This metal barrel has paper and other debris burning in it.
*Transport Generator.
(Deleted, use pid 1009) Generates your personal transport at the set location. One map - one generator!
Elevated plate
An elevated stone plate. Its presence here raises concerns.
Disarmed Plate
Disarmed stone plate
You notice a trap set under the floor plate.
Disarmed floor plate
Trap
This is a rusty, homemade trap. Set and very dangerous.
A rusty home-made trap that has been defused. Not dangerous in any way.
Emitter
You can't shake the feeling that it's not a piece of decor.
Deactivated Emitter
Tripwire
This tripwire is definitely not a decoration. 
Disarmed tripwire
Disarmed tripwire.
*Floor layout
Supporting object for building markings.
*Road layout
A supporting object for marking paths, roads, highways.
Tumbleweed
This is a tumbleweed. Naturally, you've never seen a real tumbleweed before. Keep an eye on it.
Shrub
Some kind of desert plant.
Grass
Soil
A small pile of dirt.
A small pile of dirt with a dry blade of grass sticking out of it.
Trash
Some kind of desert bush. It may have been growing recently, but it's definitely not anymore.
Upon closer inspection, you conclude that it may be pieces of fossilized wood.
A rusty car door leaning against a rusty metal barrel. So much rust all around.
A broken toilet bowl, half covered in sand. That's how it is - first you pee, then you die.
A car tire buried in the sands. Some wooden splinters are piled around it.
A twisted piece of rusted metal.
A few wooden bars and splinters.
A small pile of miscellaneous trash.
A small pile of sand with a completely useless piece of pipe sticking out of it.
*Exit grid
A marker for the transitioning grid between locations. Displayed in the Pip-Boy.
A car tire buried in the sands. Wooden splinters are piled around it.
Ferrocactus
You don't see anything special about this cactus.
Rocks
A pile of rocks in the middle of a desert.
Lonely rocks lying in the middle of a desert.
Cactus
You don't see anything remarkable in this cactus.
You don't see anything unusual about this cactus other than its enormous size.
*Blocker grid
A tile for blocking passage through the map. Passes light. Displays in the Pip-Boy.
Tree
A withered tree. Nothing grows properly here.
Bloodstain
There is nothing special about this bloodstain. Except, of course, that something died here.
Old fence
This pole with the remnants of barbed wire is from an ancient fence.
This rusted barbed wire is from an ancient fence.
Skull
A primitive ornamentation. Quite in the local spirit.
This prop from an ancient fence is barely kept from falling.
This is a dead tree.
A dead tree. Absolutely nothing of interest. What's more, it's probably the most boring thing you'll ever have to look at.
A depressed tree, almost devoid of leaves.
A young tree with sparse dark leaves.
A living tree with green foliage. It may be the most amazing thing you've ever encountered in your life.
It's amazing how this shrub manages to maintain its green foliage.
Palm tree
A very old withered plant.
Power Line Support
A pole of power lines. Another piece of long-lost technology.
Shadow
The shadow of a pole.
Wires
These high-voltage wires stopped transmitting electricity even before the wind broke them.
No matter what, these wires have been hanging there for many, many decades.
A power line pole toppled by the wind. What a pathetic sight.
Traffic cone
An ordinary traffic cone.
An ordinary traffic cone. Been lying here for a long time.
Billboard
A large billboard.
Advertising banner
A military propaganda poster. Not something Villa would approve of.
An advertisement for the Vault-Tec shelter network. Something you've heard of, but can't quite remember. 
A commercial for a stylish, modern car.
An advertisement for a modern car powered by a nuclear engine.
"Petro-Chico", one of the ancient organizations that sold some kind of "gasoline."
An advertisement for the Mr. Handy series of home assistant robots. One can only dream of these now.
An advertisement for some big event in Los Angeles, 2077.
A commercial for a big casino in Phoenix.
From Los Angeles to Chicago by high-speed train in a matter of hours! You'll hardly ever be able to do that.
An advertisement for a car service center.
"Philip Maurice". You have no idea who he is.
The poster reads, "Visit the City of the Future! An amusement park for the whole family."
An advertisement for a "TV dinner." It's hard to guess what it is.
It's an ad for a famous drink. Just as boring as anywhere else.
An ancient faded ad.
*Blocking cell (w/o)
A cell for blocking passage across the map. Does not allow light to pass through. Displays in Pip-Boy.
Randomizer
Generator of posters on billboards.
One-post road signage generator for empty trails.
Road signage generator on 2 poles for wasteland trails.
Debris generator in the water (FORWARD of the shoreline).
Road environment generator (car debris on the road, car, road cones).
Wasteland environment generator (cacti, grass, trees, animal bones).
Generator of enemies in caves on random encounters.
-reserved-
*Source of light
Cell for illumination. Not displayed in Pip-Boy.
An advertisement for the Mr. Handy series of domestic robots. One can only dream of such a thing.
The poster offers a ride from Los Angeles to Chicago on a high-speed train in a matter of hours. You'll hardly ever be able to do that.
Signpost
A rusty road sign. You can still make out the number 40 on it.
A rusty road sign. You can still make out the number 10 on it.
A rusted road sign. You can still make out the number 8 on it.
A rusted road sign.
Car
This rusty pile of scrap is beyond repair.
You conclude that this car will never drive again. Honestly.
This car is in terrible condition. You can hardly think of a way to restore it.
There is no way this pile of junk can drive on its own.
Even if you suddenly had the mechanic of the year next to you, there's no way the two of you could repair this pile of junk.
Tanker Truck
The wreckage of an ancient truck. This heap of metal is never going to move.
Nothing can help this ancient truck anymore. Nothing.
Truck
The remains of an ordinary truck. You can hide from the scorching sun in there.
This pile of scrap metal was once an automobile. It was a long time ago.
A worthless piece of junk. That's for sure.
Stake
This stake helps support the tent.
Bonfire
A fire burns here. Its flames are mesmerizing.
A small pile of stones.
You study the stones for a while, but for some reason they don't move.
These are rocks. You shouldn't touch them - it could be dangerous.
A big pile of rocks. If you look hard enough, you can see an old man's face in every stone.
A big pile of stones. They are probably left after a landslide.
Rock
These mountain walls look completely impregnable.
Cave vault
It smells damp and cold from inside.
Collapse
A tremendous amount of rocks. So massive that you can't just move them.
A small pile of stones. Watch your step!
You keep your eyes on these rocks in case they decide to attack you.
Rocks, rocks, rocks! Everywhere you look, it's rocks!
A big pile of rocks. Probably left over from a rockslide.
Stalagmite
A natural outgrowth on the stone floor.
A stone column.
This thin stone column goes from the floor to the ceiling.
This thick stone column goes from the floor to the ceiling.
Water
A stream of water oozes out of the cave ceiling and goes into the loose rock without a trace.
Cave wall
You see the cave wall before you. What a surprise.
A hole in the ground.
This hole leads deep into the darkness. Only a suicidal would go down there without a rope.
This hole leads deep into the darkness. A securely fastened rope leads down there as well.
A wooden beam
This beam barely keeps the rock from collapsing.
Damaged wooden beam
This beam seems to collapse at the slightest pressure.
Elevator
This ancient elevator leads to another level.
Elevator door
This crossbar creates the illusion of a door.
Cart
The cart has been standing here so long that its wheels are now stuck to the rails.
This cart is completely unusable.
Coastal debris
This pile of debris was destroyed by contaminated seawater.
This pile of trash has almost been washed away by the water.
A rich selection of useless trash.
This submerged car cannot be repaired.
The car is wet and beyond repair.
This car was badly parked. Unfortunately, it is not repairable.
Boat
There are so many holes in this boat that even the best paddlers in the world can't keep it afloat.
Damn boring rocks.
You can sit on these rocks to rest. But not for long.
Very sturdy rocks sticking out of the sand on the shore.
If you had a shaft, you could use these rocks to make a spearhead.
You spend a long time admiring these rocks. Finally you think they move, but they don't.
The stones are hardly worth looking at so closely.
Well
An ordinary well. Built a long time ago, but still in working order.
Toilet
A crude, but doing its job, toilet. A few leaves are thrown in the hole to make it less stinky.
*Invisible blocker.
Blocks the cell. Does not show up in Pip-Boy.
Beam
Maize
This plant seems to be doing quite well in the local soil.
This plant seems to be infected with something and will soon die.
These plants germinate vigorously on the local soil.
Fire Agave
Looks like a mutated agave. Apparently, it really likes warm weather.
Straw
A meager pile of straw left over from the harvest.
Wheelbarrow
A nice wheelbarrow, crudely made from handmade materials.
Rake
This is a rake. You can't even imagine how to use it.
Gate
A wooden gate. Opens and closes, opens and closes...
Wooden gates
Curtains
These curtains appear to have been created by the most primitive means, but they perform their function admirably.
These gates have a deadbolt that goes down and up.
Carriage
A caravan wagon converted from the broken-down body of an ancient car.
A means of transportation of the ancients, propelled by human effort.
Rails
Just rails.
Railway traffic light.
Another ancient object of unclear purpose.
Filth
Blood
This is a bloodstain. That's all you can say about it.
Blood and bones
In the center of the bloody puddle, several broken bones are nestled.
Remains
You see the skeleton of a large two-headed cattle.
Brahmin's flesh, already beginning to rot.
Bones
These are the bones of an unknown creature.
A large pile of nibbled animal bones. At least you think it's animal bones...
A big pile of naked bones. You can't tell what creature they belonged to.
You see human bones.
Dead body
Judging by the looks, this man died in terrible agony.
Cross
You see a grave cross.
Slab
You see a gravestone. The inscription on it has been erased by time.
Remote control
This computer controls the big door of the vault. To turn it on, you must enter a certain code.
Vault door
This large door is the link between this vault and the outside world.
Armored door
This door provides solid protection from the dangers of the outside world.
This door could provide solid protection from the dangers of the outside world, but lately it has been of little use.
Door
A standard automated vault door.
Shattered Door
A large hole was left in this door after an explosion.
Glass
Shards of glass
Elevator shaft
Part of the elevator system.
The elevator shaft that goes deep down. Scary.
Elevator doors
These are the standard doors from a standard elevator in a standard vault.
It's an elevator. You can still use it... if you fancy a risky ride.
Column
An unremarkable supporting column.
Grate
A floor grate.
Base
A hydraulic elevator designed to provide support, power and communication lines to the platform.
Overseer's post
A comfortable chair surrounded by control panels and monitors.
Hydraulic elevator designed to provide support, power and communication lines for the platform.
Ventilation
This air blower is supplying recycled and purified air to the entire complex.
The standard Vault-Tech ventilation system.
Very little fresh air comes from this hood.
A standard Vault-Tec ventilation system. This system is in terrible condition.
This hood is badly damaged and cannot be repaired.
This vent is completely out of order.
Practically destroyed ventilation system.
Pipes
Some pipes. After carefully examining them, you come to the conclusion that pipes are pipes.
Equipment
Some important equipment.
Medical bed
A comfortable and clean medical bed. A diagnostic system is placed inside to monitor the patient's condition.
Monitor
This monitor is connected to the medical bed and is designed to display the patient's condition.
Operating table
Automated operating table.
Automated operating table. It has not been used in a long time. It may no longer be functional.
Autodoc
This autodoc is designed to diagnose and cure illnesses.
Mirror
You spend some time looking at your reflection in the mirror.
Broken mirror
This mirror is broken and cannot be repaired.
Sink
A fully functioning sink. Plus, it's clean.
This sink is in perfect condition.
A porcelain sink that has long since lost its ability to function.
This sink is non-functional. A big crack right in the middle tells you that.
Toilet
If you had a fetish for toilets, this particular one would seem quite nice.
This toilet is very clean. And it works. It's quite astonishing.
The sharp edges of the seat make this toilet very uncomfortable to sit on.
This toilet is broken and clearly not recommended for women to use.
Urinal
This urinal is in perfect condition. This is the first time you've ever seen one of these.
As amazing as it is, this urinal is also still functional.
It's a regular urinal. Contrary to the purpose of the urinal, there is poop in it.
It's just a urinal. There was no such thing in the Villa, though.
Shower
A pretty decent shower stall.
This shower cubicle has a very indecent look. It is very unpleasant to bathe in.
Bed
A standard Vault-Tec shelter double bed. From the looks of it, very comfortable.
A standard Vault-Tec shelter bed. From the looks of it, very comfortable.
A standard Vault-Tec shelter bed. Or rather, what's left of it.
Table
This is a table. Before tables were invented, people had to keep all their stuff on the floor.
It's definitely a table.
It's a nice metal table.
There's nothing unusual about this table, except that it's almost completely wrecked.
This table is very badly damaged.
This table is in very bad condition.
This metal table has not been very well cared for. The rust has spread very badly over its surface.
It would have been a nice metal table if not for the rust.
Table
If this little table had a mind, it might have developed an inferiority complex.
Chair
A very comfortable chair. Too bad you don't have time to sit down and relax.
This is a standard chair. It has wheels so you can roll it around the office.
A chair. Looks comfortable.
This chair is in terrible condition.
You can't rest on such a terrible chair.
This chair can no longer be used for its intended purpose.
Screen
A computer screen showing a variety of information.
Computer
This computer is in working order and is currently doing some sort of computation.
This computer is in working order, but right now it is turned off.
This computer may still be functioning.
This computer is not functioning. You can't understand why.
This computer is completely broken. Don't expect it to be repaired.
Console
This is a console for data entry.
If you have seen at least one monitor, consider that you have seen them all.
The screen shows a variety of data.
The monitor is working, but for some reason it's screen does not show anything.
This monitor doesn't work. At all.
This monitor's screen is broken.
Monitors
Three monitors with screens showing a variety of data.
These monitors are broken and not functioning.
The screens of these monitors are completely destroyed.
CCTV
A surveillance system. Displays a whole stream of information at once.
This CCTV doesn't work for some reason.
All monitors of this CCTV system are smashed to pieces.
Holographic generator.
A TNT widescreen player. The last movies for it were released more than 90 years ago.
This TNT widescreen player is in terrible condition. Last movie for it was released more than 90 years ago.
Large black and white screen. Nothing to see on it.
Big black and white screen. It used to be much more attractive than it is now.
Clothing Synthesizer.
The standard clothing synthesizer for the Vault-Tec vaults. Still in working order, which somehow makes you feel good.
The ruined Vault-Tec clothing synthesizer. Although the individual parts are still intact, it can hardly be restored.
Food Processor.
A standard food processor for the Vault-Tec vaults. Given the local food problems this technique seems almost divine.
This Vault-Tec food processor is corrupted. Now it can't even make toast.
Recycling station
This equipment is capable of recycling waste into clean water and dust.
This equipment was supposed to recycle waste, but now it has become part of the local garbage.
Air Purification Station.
This equipment provides fresh air for the entire complex.
This equipment provides fresh air for the entire complex. This particular system is broken.
Water Pump
This equipment pumps water from underground sources and filters it from impurities.
Tank
This huge tank is used for storing clean water. A very important equipment.
Reactor
This nuclear reactor provides energy for the entire complex.
Generator
Backup power generator by Watts Electronics. Standard model.
Intercom
Means of remote communication. Works exclusively within a vault.
Speaker
Part of a public notification system.
Vault plan
This drawing depicts the rooms on all levels of the shelter.
Force field
A powerful energy field. It's impossible to get through.
Steam
Lantern
Signal light
Signal light
Switch
This switch is capable of turning something on. Or turning something off.
Reservoir
A medical or experimental device. Looks like it may contain a human body, or even something larger.
Some kind of medical or experimental apparatus. This equipment is broken and cannot be repaired.
Robo-receiver
This is a compartment for recharging robots.
This equipment has something to do with robots and maintenance. Nothing interesting.
Laser trap
A barely visible laser beam.
Amplifier unit
This equipment amplifies the radio signal before sending it through the feeder system to the antenna.
Supercomputer
The first supercomputer you've ever seen. It is also possible that it will be your last.
Platform
This platform maintains the supercomputer on top of the cooling system and other auxiliary equipment.
Looks like quite a modern computer.
A high-tech computer that uses modern reel-to-reel storage devices instead of outdated punch cards.
You see a computer monitor.
Several unidentified wires are sticking out of the wall.
Rotorcraft
An ancient flying machine restored by Brotherhood of Steel mechanics.
Ladder
An old, somewhat rickety ladder. Doesn't look like it can hold your weight.
Rope
This is a sturdy rope. You can use it to climb up to the top.
This ladder leads to the floor above.
This ladder leads to the floor above, but the way is blocked. You don't really want to go up there.
These stairs lead to the floor below.
Altar
This seems like a normal altar. If you don't count the thudding sound when kicked.
This spiral staircase leads to the floor above.
This spiral staircase leads to the floor below.
This staircase leads down into the darkness.
Gully
For some reason this descent does not have a ladder. You can't go down without special equipment.
There is a strong rope at the bottom of this hole.
This narrow ladder leads down into the darkness.
Hatch
Looks like a makeshift hatch.
Looks like the entrance to a sewer system.
Manhole cover.
A heavy lid covering a sewer manhole.
Hole
A descent to the lower level, with a rusty ladder sticking out of it.
The ground has collapsed here, resulting in a descent to the lower level.
Stop sign
A red sign with "STOP" written on it in large block letters. You have no idea what it means.
A red sign that says "STOP" in large block letters. A large bullet hole was subsequently added to the sign by a third party.
"Make way" sign
This sign once controlled traffic on the street.
Sign
This sign was once disconcerting in its abundance of information, but now all you can make out is the speed limit.
"No Parking" sign
This sign used to prohibit stopping in this spot. Now there is no one to park here.
Signpost
The sign would have told you what street you were on. But the letters on it have long been indistinguishable.
Traffic light
An ancient traffic control device.
Parking meter
One of the many relics of the past. No one can tell you what it is or why it's there.
Street lamp
Old-fashioned light
An old-fashioned lantern. This particular one is broken.
This street lamp is supposed to give light after nightfall.
This street lamp is supposed to give light after nightfall, but it is completely broken.
Hydrant
This is a fire hydrant. It would be useful in putting out a fire, but it probably doesn't work.
Mailbox
The mailbox is empty. You get the feeling that no mail has come in here in a long time.
Newspaper machine
This newspaper machine is probably empty.
Fence
A repair fence with a sign that says "Road Closed."
Repair fence
Block barrier
A block of concrete and rebar. Looks like a regular block, but you look out for it just in case.
A block of concrete and rebar. Its intimidating appearance scares away anyone who comes near it.
A block of concrete and rebar. You don't like it.
Fence
Wooden barrier. Getting in the way, as any normal fence should.
Forklift
This forklift doesn't work.
Usual street trash. A little bit of everything.
Pile of splinters and other debris.
This pipe is broken in half. Looks like it was rusting until it broke under its own weight.
Tire
An old tire that had been here for almost a hundred years.
Stacked tires
Ancient rubber tires. Over the decades, they have folded under their own weight.
Tires
Ancient rubber tires. The rubber has vulcanized and compacted because of the heat.
Bricks
Someone put bricks here. Watch your step!
Somebody laid out some bricks here. Maybe he wanted to build a house.
Someone put bricks here. It's obviously done with some kind of intent.
Nobody's trash
A close inspection reveals that the door remains a door.
Steel bars protecting the window from outside intrusion.
Shutters
Steel shutters protecting the window.
Boarded up window
This window is completely boarded up.
An intricately crafted wooden door in mint condition.
A door with a glass window. The glass is so dirty that you can't see anything through it.
This door is reinforced with metal ornaments. It's quite rustic.
This strong grid looks like it's right where it belongs.
It's a very sturdy door. Resists even an explosion.
Wicket
A wicket door remains a wicket door no matter how hard you look at it.
The old wooden door. That's about all you can say about it.
This door (what a twist!) provides the entrance and exit to and from this building.
A wooden door. In relatively good condition.
Wall lamp
Looks like this lamp is still in working order.
Broken lamp. No wonder it doesn't work.
Old mattress
An old shabby mattress. You can maybe notice tiny bug-like vermin in it.
Even if you decide to rest alone on this mattress, you would clearly have company.
A makeshift bed. A variety of resources have been used for the material.
This bed has had better days (and perhaps even nights).
Upon careful inspection, you conclude that the sheets haven't been changed in a very, very long time.
You see a couple of stains of dubious origin on this shabby sleeping device.
This bed is pretty shabby. It looks like something crawled under the mattress and died there safely.
It looks like a very comfortable bed.
This mattress is in terrible condition. Not even rats would sleep on it (or in it).
A mattress that had seen better days than today.
This trash must have once been a mattress until time destroyed it.
A pile of rotting old wood. Its value is, shall we say, zero.
A pile of firewood, some of which has old rusty nails hammered into it. Totally useless.
Boxes
A pile of old cardboard boxes. It's hard to believe they've been able to survive this long.
A Nuka-Cola machine.
The advertising on the side of this vending machine depicts a popular drink.
A fairly plain wooden table.
The table is of excellent quality. It is handmade, but looks much better than any table you have ever seen.
A table made of wood.
Wooden table in pretty good condition.
Wooden table in more or less decent condition.
Wooden table in pretty average, if not bad, condition.
Wooden table with a plastic top that has been broken for a long time.
Wooden table painted a disgusting green color. Cannot be restored.
Looks like an old coffee table. It is rather low, apparently for extremely small mutants.
Chair
Looks like a very nice chair.
A comfy chair.
This chair had definitely seen better days.
This chair is covered in dirt and mold. As you can guess, it also smells.
This chair is falling apart. Right in front of my eyes.
If someone paid you a lot of money and you had a butt of steel, you might consider sitting in this chair.
It looks like an old office chair. After all these years, it is still in good condition.
It's an old office chair. It might even be able to hold a man's weight.
This office chair had better days. At the moment, it is just trash.
It looks like a chair you might see in a funeral home. In a coffin.
Seat
An old rotting chair made from an ancient car seat.
A stinky old chair that was once a car seat. The springs have lost their elasticity.
An old, rotting and stinking chair standing on bricks for stability. Doesn't look comfortable at all.
Sofa
A very uncomfortable-looking seating device known as a "couch."
A functioning wood-fired kitchen stove.
Bathtub
This tub is broken and cracked.
Upon closer inspection, you realize that you should not bathe in this tub after all.
An oval mirror in a vintage frame.
TV
You have never seen a TV in action. You can only guess how it works.
Moonshine machine
This appears to be a wood-fired moonshiner.
This still is ruined and cannot be restored.
Bar
This bar contains a collection of alcoholic beverages ready to be consumed.
Motorcycle
Your personal two-wheeled transport.
Rack
A rack on which a primitive computer is installed.
Window
This window has wax paper instead of glass.
This large metal door is permanently jammed from the inside.
A large metal warehouse door.
This object looks suspiciously like a door.
Shelves
You see the metal shelves.
Stuff
A pile of old and unwanted stuff.
Crates
These wooden crates are falling apart in the wind.
You don't find anything interesting in these wooden crates.
You have enough free time to spend exploring this junk.
Crate
A wooden crate. Doesn't seem to be in that bad of a condition.
A simple wooden crate. In good enough condition.
This simple wooden crate collapsed under its own weight.
A boarded-up wooden crate. Some would give their lives to know what's inside.
A few sturdy shipping crates.
A very sturdy shipping crate.
Pallets
Old wooden pallets crumbling at a touch.
Box on a pallet
An old wooden pallet with a metal crate. The crate has some sort of slag inside it.
Machine
This is some kind of manufacturing machine. You don't know anything else about it.
A conveyor belt, stretching confidently from the machine to its final destination.
Parts
Some kind of manufacturing parts.
Barrel
An old barrel made of steel.
A rusty iron barrel. It's empty.
Judging by the rumbling sound, this barrel is empty.
Barrels
From the rumbling sound, these barrels are empty.
On the side of this empty metal barrel, a bright yellow sign of radiation is painted.
This barrel contains some green glowing stuff. The radiation sign tells you what it might be.
Radioactive ooze.
It looks really bad. If you want to dive in, you might want to wear lead swim trunks.
It doesn't look very good. If you want to dive in, you might want to wear lead swim trunks.
The standard model of a small power generator by Watts Electronics.
A makeshift power generator based on a car engine.
Mat
A sports mat.
Boxing bag
This is a punching bag made by Strongman(tm).
Gym equipment
This is a gym apparatus.
Barbell
This is a piece of fitness equipment for your abs.
Target
This target is asking for trouble.
Dice table
This is a dice table.
Card table
This is a table for card games.
A table with a roulette wheel.
This is an old roulette table.
This is a playing table with roulette.
Slot machine
This is a slot machine.
This is a damaged slot machine.
Wall
This is where a brick wall emerges from beneath a layer of nastiness.
Drain
A disgusting, foul stench is coming from the sewer. But after a while, it doesn't seem to smell so You almost barely notice any movement behind the grate on the hatch. You see little red eyes watching you. The eyes of a rat.
The sound of gurgling water is coming from the sewer. There is also a terrible stench.
FrThe sound of gurgling water is coming from the sewer. There is also a horrible stench.
A heavy, rusty sewer manhole.
Symbol
This is the symbol of the Brotherhood of Steel. It looks spectacular.
Emblem
The symbol of the Brotherhood. The gears represent its technical knowledge, the sword represents its desire to defend itself, and the wings represent soaring hope.
*Portal
A magical portal to another dimension.
If this boat can sail anywhere, it's to the bottom.
*Water marking
Auxiliary object for marking the water surface.
*Layout of a plantation
Auxiliary object for marking plantations.
*Tent marking
Auxiliary object for marking tents and large tents.
*Cave marking
Auxiliary object for marking caves and underground rooms.
*Labeling a sewer
Auxiliary object for marking sewers and drains.
Nets
A series of stakes in the water with the remains of a fishing net. Doesn't seem to have a catch.
Various floating debris carefully collected by the current of the Gulf of California.
Without a scuba gear, you can no longer tell what is this pile of metal sticking out of the water.
Buoy
A rusted buoy, long ago detached from its cargo and nailed to the shore by the current.
A rusted out sign for populated places. Rust stains make inscription indistinguishable.
Shadow from the road sign. A rarity in these parts.
It's a car. Or rather its remains.
A strange tree, infected with a parasite.
An ordinary wooden staircase. It's a little moldy from the dampness.
Broken ladder
This wooden staircase is completely dilapidated. It's impossible to climb it.
This staircase leads to the town hall, but it's ruined and full of debris at the moment. You cannot clear them.
This staircase leads to the top floor of the town hall.
This staircase leads to the first floor of the town hall.
To your surprise, it's a computer. And it looks like it stopped working a long time ago.
Damaged weather station
This is the weather station for the weather forecast. It was intentionally damaged.
Weather station
This is a weather station for weather forecasting. And it is doing just fine.
Body
This is the corpse of one of your fellow villagers.
An ineptly drawn symbol on the wall. It should be studied more carefully.
Drilling Machine
A heavy robot equipped for drilling.
This mountain of rocks was formed after the collapse of the mine arches. Without tools, it would take a lot of effort and time to remove it.
Starball
An unusual slot machine from a bygone era.
An unusual slot machine from a bygone era. Damaged and beyond repair.
Entrance to the mine
A concrete archway leads deep into the mine.
This shadow leads into the depths of the mine.
Ladder down
The entrance to the basement is littered with debris from the explosion. You've already been there anyway.
Poster
Some old poster. A quick look doesn't reveal anything.
Caravan wagon prepared for shipment of purified uranium ore.
Radio equipment
This radio equipment is damaged beyond repair.
A device for receiving, processing and transmitting radio signals. One of the surviving technologies of the Old World.
Bloody table
This table is drenched thickly with liquefied blood.
Workbench
An improvised and rather inconvenient workbench, assembled out of old furniture. Currently used for making explosives.
Barricade
Improvised fencing.
Dangerous makeshift barricade.
Power cable
Thick high voltage cable.
Information booth
Description of the uranium mine. Small letters frayed long ago.
A badly rusted pointing sign.
Improvised and rather inconvenient workbench assembled out of old furniture.
Laboratory
A makeshift chemistry lab. One spark would be enough to make this place explode.
Exhibit
An artificial satellite. What it is remains a mystery to you.
Flagstaff signpost.
A welcome sign that announces the name of the city.
This is a board with important information for new arrivals. It is worth examining more closely.
Landfill
Useless waste from uranium ore mining.
Antenna
This antenna is equipped with radio broadcasting equipment.
End of the track
A barrier for the movement of wagons on the rails. A very useful object.
Hangman
Cruel retribution has come to this criminal.
This structure is designed to hang criminals. Now it is waiting for the next victim.
Book Collection
A small collection of old books, a treasure trove of prewar knowledge.
Distributor
This is the power distributor. A partially damaged cable runs from it.
Ventilation
This shaft goes deep into the darkness. It reeks of dampness and rottenness.
Structure
A tribal ritual structure.
A sharpened stake with a skull.
A homemade table made of planks and bricks.
Cutting table
On this table, the Jackals prepare... the food.
Totem
Totem of Jackals, assembled from improvised materialsm which include human remains.
Hearth
A primitive means of lighting dens.
Table with a rifle
A disassembled hunting rifle rests on this grimy, homemade table.
A ruined elevator shaft. It's impossible to go down without a safety net.
Ruined elevator shaft
Garbage Barrel
This barrel is filled with combustible garbage. If you set it on fire, maybe the world will get a little brighter.
Welcoming Poster
Advertising poster inviting you to vault 27.
Various vault furniture stacked in a pile.
Way to the vault
Not everyone will dare to go down into the depths of darkness.
This is the Overseer's post. It has not been used in a long time.
The remains of a married couple rest peacefully on this bed.
There are human bones on this bed. The skull is nowhere to be seen.
On this bed lies the skeleton of a long dead man. It looks like he was quite old.
Dead bodies
The bodies of the expedition members. They are wrapped in rags to make them stink less.
Library terminal
This terminal gives access to a digital library.
Object of technology
A high-tech object from ancient times. It's hard to tell what it is.
Ropes
Ordinary ropes. With them slaves pull the platform.
Oil lamp
This lamp contains some oil. It can be ignited to light the space around it.
This lamp dimly illuminates the space around it.
Broken jug
This beautiful jug has been broken. Probably with malicious intent.
Birthing chair
An old and repeatedly used birthing chair.
A homemade wooden door. Made to last for ages.
Knocked down door
This door was kicked out by some kind of weapon.
This barrel holds uranium material.
These barrels hold uranium material.
A post-war manufactured bunk bed.
Nuclear bomb
This is a nuclear bomb. Apparently, a very dangerous one.
Platform for the bomb
This base holds a nuclear bomb.
ZAX
This is ZAX, the artificial intelligence controlling the Forbidden Zone.
Terminal
This is the terminal for communicating with ZAX.
Emergency terminal
Terminal for initiating an emergency pulse burst.
Damaged door
This door was crushed by the explosion. It cannot be opened normally.
Beamer
This homemade beamer is intended for destroying the force barrier.
Modulator
An improvised device capable of destabilizing the force barrier for a few seconds.
Looks like this cable connects the buildings into a single power grid.
Some sort of unusual kind of door. It's obviously not designed for living quarters.
Rusty old pipes. They survived the Great War and will last just as long.
Shadow from the hangar roof.
Hangar roof
Roof made of old corrugated metal. It holds up surprisingly well.
Turbine
This turbine from an airplane is no longer serviceable.
Jet engine
Some piece of aircraft equipment. You couldn't even dream of that.
Landing gear
A very old landing gear from an airplane. The rubber was vulcanized ages ago.
Some very sophisticated computerized equipment.
A multifunctional production machine.
A desk with a computer.
A heavy metal table with a computer built in. It's definitely DYI.
Large homemade garage door.
Support
Rusty metal poles that hold up the advertising structure.
Bandit's body
The stiffened body of one of the bandits. Gonna have to take a closer look at it.
An upside down crate. Clearly someone was looking for something in it.
This caravan wagon has been looted. There is nothing of value left here.
A makeshift barracks-type bed.
Rusty trunks
These look like the barrels of an aircraft rocket launcher, but you're not sure.
Aircraft tail
This junk has been here so long that it's already grown into the ground.
A small landing gear from a vertibird. Except you've never seen an entire vertibird.
Mountain of scrap metal
Someone piled a mountain of junk here.
Cable
This high-voltage cable connects equipment to the power source.
A rusty turbine from an airplane.
Turbines
A junkyard of old and unwanted turbines.
Container
A sturdy container for storing and transporting various parts.
Jammed door
This door is permanently jammed. It cannot be repaired.
Elevator roof
Just an elevator roof. Nothing special.
Once an elevator cabin, now a crypt for a couple of skeletons.
This elevator leads to the surface.
Bomber
The remains of a military plane.
Fighter
Broken shovel.
Someone broke this old shovel.
Minigun
An old weapon dismantled from the cabin of a bomber.
A very old chair. The serial number is indecipherable.
Chairs
Very old chairs. Sitting on them to watch a movie would be excruciating.
An interior object designed specifically for storing valuables.
Safety deposit boxes
Metal lockers for storing receipts and bills. They are now clogged with dust and debris.
Controller
A unique piece of power plant equipment.
Water tank
A makeshift water tank for storing water. Also acts as a water tower.
A very old signpost. But it can still contain relevant information.
An improvised well. You can't see the bottom.
You don't notice anything remarkable about this cactus other than its ginormous size.
This rusted old sign is swinging dangerously in the wind.
An old dilapidated door leaning against the wall. It has probably come off its hinges.
Shadow from archway.
Raiders' belongings
Miscellaneous broken items left behind by the raiders.
Canvas
A piece of old moldy cloth.
Boards
A few old boards left unattended.
A stiff homemade chair. Wouldn't sit on it for long.
Bowl
Homemade wooden water tank. Contrary to expectations, does not leak.
Potter's wheel
A small machine for making pottery.
Shelves
As it turns out, these ordinary and familiar to you shelves are not so ordinary.
Homemade wooden shelves for storing supplies. The shelves are empty.
Homemade wooden shelves for storing supplies. The dampness has caused mold to form on them.
These dilapidated shelves are no longer useful.
Pottery
Various types of pottery. Their future is still uncertain.
Destroyed shelves.
These shelves have been destroyed. But they can still be repaired.
Bags
Bags of spoiled supplies.
Some hay left over from past harvests.
Broken boards
More debris left after a raid.
These merchandise racks have been destroyed by time.
Stacked bricks
These bricks are stacked for shipping. But no one seems to want them now.
Cult banner.
This painting depicts a religious symbol.
Sign
This is the sign of the Sonora Express postal service.
Map desk
This table is handy for creating and studying modern maps.
Hydrogenerator
The upper part of some huge machine. Scary loud noises can be heard from inside.
Power plant equipment
There is a methodical humming noise coming from inside this box.
There's something ticking inside that box.
It would take a lifetime to study all those dials.
A pair of pipes going from nowhere to nowhere. The purpose is unknown.
Entrance to the base
A reinforced makeshift door leading to a superstructure on the causeway.
Dam wall
Tin wall
Cliff
This steep cliff leads directly into the muddy waters of the Colorado River.
This huge support holds some kind of equipment above ground.
This equipment is used to amplify the radio signal. But half of the units in it don't work.
Pier
A rotten wooden pier.
Ferry mechanism
This mechanism starts the movement system of the ferry. It needs a lever to rotate it.
Rope ferry
A homemade wooden platform. Driven by a shore mechanism using a sturdy rope.
Repeater equipment
Equipment for receiving and transmitting radio signals. Recently installed.
Broken equipment.
This used to be equipment for receiving and transmitting radio signals. Now it is a mountain of garbage.
Territory marking
An unremarkable structure. It's a good place to study the surroundings.
Crumbling wall
This wall had better days. It looks like it would collapse at a single swing of a hammer.
A repainted road sign that reads "Prison."
A repainted road sign that says "Mine."
An old double door with portholes and creaky hinges.
Motorhome
Practically a whole house on wheels.
Tank of radioactive fuel.
Rugged steel anti-shock fence.
Food
Pieces of raw meat suspended over a smoking fire.
A rusted road sign with barely legible lettering.
Bar sign
Intact signboard of some ancient bar.
Warning
An ancient signpost with some inscriptions. They are worth a closer look.
This sign says "Road Closed."
Memorial tablet.
A piece of polished stone with a metal plate on which the text is immortalized.
Pot
An upside down pot of overripe fruit.
Dryer
A homemade dryer for hay.
An old wooden ladder. It creaks dangerously underfoot.
These stairs lead to another floor.
Control panel
The control panel for the power plant.
Elevator
Lifting mechanism for the dam gates.
Cargo cart
An old platform for transporting cargo.
From the sound of it, this container is empty.
Fungus
These glow-in-the-dark mushrooms grow right in the middle of a toxic puddle.
Tower
An empty water tower.
The wall of the ancient factory.
A heavy front door. People used to know how to make these.
The wall of a surviving building.
This huge machine includes many functions and tools.
Remains of a workbench
A ruined workbench. It is now impossible to produce anything with it.
Farm
A small hydroponic farm based on an old bathtub. A good idea.
Filing cabinet
Bench
An old bench. Held on concrete blocks instead of its broken legs.
Sturdy wooden door. Looks like it was made recently.
Looks like a fairly comfortable bed with unusually clean sheets.
Ambassador's body
This man was hung by wires for all to see. Apparently, fire worshippers are no longer treated kindly here.
Podium
An ordinary podium for performances. But you have to stick your nose in it anyway.
The big monitor, which shows the credits.
Front door
A small collection of ancient books, a treasure trove of prewar knowledge.
Blueprints
Ancient blueprints and accessories for copying them.
Books
Old books of a bygone era.
An ancient altar. Numerous wires are stretched from it.
Elegant antique table for people with high expectations. A luxurious armchair is attached.
Painting
An antique religious painting.
A strange religious painting.
Poster
A faded poster of a once popular movie.
Message board
There are many advertisements on this board.
Wanted
A poster with someone's picture on it.
It is a recruitment agency sign.
Casino entrance
This is the front entrance of the casino.
This is the front entrance of the casino. Many of the light bulbs are out from the aftershocks of the explosion.
Casino door
This is the front door of the casino.
Microphone
It's a great microphone. Except for the fact that the button on it is jamming.
Stage
Beverage shelves
Snack bar
Snack counter. It's dirty and smells bad.
Tattered snack bar
Formerly a snack stand. Now it's a part of the street entourage.
Hoarder's shop
This is where all sorts of junk is for sale.
Broken-down hoarder's shop
All sorts of junk was once sold here.
Clothes shop
Clothes for sale are in this shop.
Ruined clothes shop
Clothing items used to be sold here.
This is a gun store sign.
This is a gun store sign. The lights don't work.
Torpedo
An intimidating-sized torpedo with a nuclear warhead. One of these is enough to blow up an entire ship. And a couple of miles around, too.
Commodity shelves
These are the merchandise shelves of a gun store.
Record board
This board contains notes with lots of calculations. Apparently, making alcohol is not that simple.
Statue
An ancient sculpture with a long forgotten meaning.
An old road sign.
A very old sign that reads "Windmill. Morrison Brothers Ranch."
The shadow of the sign.
Drawing
This drawing shows some kind of monster, as you might think. At least you've never seen such creatures in the real world.
Water tank
A tank with leftover rotten water.
Monument
This is a monument to some important but long-forgotten event.
Ring sign
This is the sign of a fight club.
Canopy
This holey canopy gives some shade at noon.
Sarcophagus
A sealed capsule connected to the gas equipment. Someone used it recently.
Damaged sarcophagus
The top of this sarcophagus is shattered by a fallen rock. Someone's skeleton rests peacefully inside.
Machine
This car was knocked over in an accident.
Suitcase of gold
The suitcase seems to have fallen out of the car during the crash. Its useless contents are scattered on the ground.
Gas station
This is the gas equipment. Not long ago it was performing some kind of operation.
An ordinary road sign that has long since lost its meaning.
A red sign with "ALTO" written on it in large block letters. You have no idea what it means.
Broken glasses
These glasses are broken.
Clock
A large facade clock. It doesn't work.
Remains of books
Stack of books
Tanker
Semi-trailer of a truck for transporting liquids.
Advertising sign
This is the advertising sign for the old cafe.
Crater
This is a very deep hole in the ground. Dusty hot air rises from the bottom.
A whole wall of debris.
Frame
A badly rusted frame of a semi-trailer.
Dirty old intercom. After a recent repair, it is once again fulfilling its purpose.
"Petro-Chico" sign.
This is a "Petro-Chico" advertising sign.
Shadow of the sign
Aqueduct channel
An old door with a metal grating.
Collapse
This rubble was formed by the earthquake after the explosion in the Cathedral.
Radio equipment
This looks like a piece of radio equipment.
This wooden bench was unfavorably affected by time and outside influences.
Cathedral wall
Control panel
A terminal to control the torpedo bay.
Street spotlight
Powerful lighting device. Did not work until recently.
Broken weapon
An ordinary table with a frayed surface. A broken weapon is currently lying on it.
Building wall
An ancient building with a giant antenna on the roof.
Front doors
The sturdy doors of the front entrance.
A plain wall around the front entrance.
A city gate, assembled from various scrap metal.
The shadow of the city gate.
An old advertising sign. It now points only to its forgotten past.
Pit
A huge grave pit.
Sign
A warning sign with a radiation symbol. Hmm, what would that mean?
Porch
The steps of the front entrance.
The shadow of the school entrance.
The facade of the former school building.
A collection of miscellaneous trash. Perhaps someone wanted to make a work of art out of it.
A huge water storage tank.
Hydro tank
A hydro tank used for buffering in the system.
Water heater
A primitive system for cleaning and heating water.
This is a tub. To your surprise it is intact and ready for use.
The skeleton of a creature unknown to you. Perhaps your bones, too, will make history.
This exhibit was ruthlessly stolen. By you.
An antique painting depicting a battle scene. The memory of these events has long been lost.
Jukebox
It seems that not long ago this jukebox was working.
Stolen cargo
The bandits stole this box from the caravan merchants.
Outlaw's head
The outlaw's head on a pole and the description beneath it eloquently demonstrate the power of local authority. Not a word about you.
This is the sign of the bathing house.
Waterworks
This water tank is in working order. But it's low on water right now.
Ranger tag
This crude drawing indicates that the area is under the control of the rangers.
Garage gate
Garage door crumpled by the blast wave. Can't be opened by hand.
The remains of a married couple. Apparently, they died on the same day.
Fuel depot
A gigantic hydrocarbon storage facility.
There's a hole in this wall.
This staircase goes down.
Cooling system
This cooling system was damaged by a massive explosion.
This cooling system is operating normally.
Heavy sealed door with lead coated door.
Door to reactor
This door leads to the reactor room.
Motorcycle tires
A pair of surprisingly well-preserved tires.
Container
This huge container is obviously filled with something.
This is a support for road signs.
This sign indicates the direction to the next town.
This sign indicates the direction to the center of town.
This sign indicates the direction to the mall.
Power armor
This motorized armor is a legend from ancient times. But now it is out of service.
It looks like a big iron bird. And from the looks of it, it once flew.
The shadow of a bomber.
This ground was blasted open by the bomber as it fell.
Skeleton
This man died in a relaxed posture.
Merchandise rack
A ruined rack of leftover merchandise.
Cash desk
This is the cash desk. It has the cash register on it.
Fire alarm button
A large, large switch. Looks like no one has used it in a long time.
Monument
A monument to someone whose name has long been forgotten by history.
Shadow of road signs.
A long-distance truck with the "Petro-Chico" logo on it.
The ring fence
This vent almost certainly doesn't work.
This wall is surprisingly well-preserved.
An ordinary table with a dirty tablecloth and candles.
A factory door with a yellow warning sign.
Sealed ship's door.
Rear gun
This is the ship's rear gun. Looks powerful.
Front gun
This is the forward ship's gun. Looks powerful.
Ship's side
This is the side of the ship.
Helm
You spin this strange object, but nothing happens.
This may be the only boat in the whole world that can float and not sink.
A metal table bolted firmly to the floor.
Flag of Arizona
This is the flag of the prewar state of Arizona. A small memory of a great past.
This metal ladder leads to the deck above.
This metal ladder leads to the deck below.
Ramp
This ladder leads to the top deck of the ship.
This ladder leads down, away from the ship.
Navigation panel
This is where the cartographic information is stored.
Map of the United States
This map depicts the United States of America.
Broken weapon
This weapon is malfunctioning. Someone is diligently trying to fix it, but so far without success.
Wardroom table
A great table for meetings. Or for watching war movies.
Ship's computer
An apparently perfectly serviceable computer. Currently disconnected from power.
Fully working onboard computer.
Wall of a barely surviving church.
Solid and very strong front doors. Built in the old days.
Shadow from road marker.
Inscription
Large metal letters on the building of the former train station.
Pier support
This street light is supposed to provide light after nightfall.
Concrete mixer
In front of you is an old concrete mixing plant. It looks like it was still working recently.
Ship engine
A twin-shaft engine from Watts Electronics with 60,000 horsepower.
Ship's reactor
Watts Electronics' D2G brand nuclear reactor.
An old flimsy door with a window.
Hotel front door.
Advertisement structure
Old advertising structure. The image has long been blown away by the wind, only the carcass is left.
Market stall
A dilapidated market stall. Once upon a time long ago it was used to sell food and drinks.
Old device
It looks like an old radio. In any case, it doesn't work.
Old faded writing on the wall.
Water tank
This water storage tank was built just a few years ago.
Torpedo bed
This torpedo bed is empty.
Torpedo apparatus
The lid of the apparatus is tightly locked.
Power plant wall
This is the facade of the city's power plant, a very old building.
Welcoming billboard
This billboard has information for new arrivals.
This sign was purposefully destroyed by vandals.
Hydrolysis lab
Hydrolysis lab. Looks fairly new.
A simple, but high quality, wooden door.
This is a symbol of the Followers of the Apocalypse.
Siren
A city alarm siren.
Alvaro's body
Unable to withstand the panic, Mayor Alvaro committed suicide.
Flag
The flag of New Mexico is proudly flying in the wind.
Fishing tackle
Small fish won't get caught in this tackle because of the many holes.
This shaft goes deep into the darkness. A strong rope descends there as well.
"Greenway Hydroponics." The poster is clearly prewar.
Combat target
An improvised target for firing small arms.
Wang Chung
You see either a plant or a person. It's hard to tell now.
You see a plant or a person. Whatever it is, it's dead.
Advertisement
A big billboard from the old days.
A big sign with the Nuka-Cola logo on it.
It shows the movie screening schedule.
Movie theater screen
Huge open theater screen.
Ruined machine
This machine is no longer produced in any part.
This is the entrance arch.
Body in the bathtub
In the bathtub lies the body of a girl with multiple stab wounds.
Bathroom
This bathroom is filled with blood.
Keyholder
The keys to the motel rooms. Several of them are missing.
Guest log
The guest log.
This support holds up the roof.
Advertising signpost
This sign says "Space Age Restaurant".
This wagon has been standing here for a while. Everything of value has been taken out of it.
This sign says, "Bates Motel".
Building
The faade of the ancient building. The first floor is covered with a sand dune.
The lower half of this ancient truck has been swallowed up by a sand dune. Probably the same fate awaits the rest of the vehicle.
Decoration
This flagstone ornament is already badly faded from the sun, but continues to bring joy to the residents.
SAM
An anti-aircraft missile system of the "Terrier" series.
The wall of a buried building.
Lantern pole sticking ridiculously out of a dune.
Steep wall
This wall is tilted and about to collapse. All it takes is a gentle touch.
A layer of old rags protects the hut wall from sandstorms and wind.
Frozen figure
This animal was frozen alive.
This man was frozen alive.
The wagon with the nomads' luggage.
A common cactus.
Old lighthouse
This ancient structure is called a lighthouse. It is rumored that it once shone in the darkness to sailors, but this is not certain.
Spirit of St. Joseph
The personal two-seat plane of St. Father Fred Stadtmaller.
This is someone's dilapidated dwelling.
Motorhome door
This door leads inside the motor home. Where else would it go?
The wall of the motor home.
This is the inside wall of the motor home.
Army crate
This crate is hopelessly damaged.
Person at the pole of shame
This person is tied to a pillar of shame. Probably not without reason.
A billboard with a long faded advertisement.
A huge fan sucks the musty air out of the compartments of the outhouse.
It's the ventilation that's not working.
It's some kind of a religious object.
Mobile fortress
Looking at such a huge structure, it seems incredible that it can move on its own.
This staircase leads inside the fortress.
Rocket car
Car with jet propulsion. Does not work.
The shadow of a radio tower.
Large hovercraft.
Apparently, it's the side of a ship.
A wall of scrap metal
Various scrap metal forms a protective wall of the city.
You are looking at a large reactor room from the operating room window.
This is the sign of the water pump house.
This door leads into the lighthouse. Obvious, isn't it?
Chemistry lab
This table is equipped for chemical experiments.
Lighting mechanism
This is the lighting mechanism of the lighthouse.
Lighthouse
From here you can get a mesmerizing view of the bay.
Lookout tower
This is an old, rusted out observation tower.
Embossing machine
This is the caps making machine.
Fence
A large fence protecting the settlement from the outside world.
An ancient monument. You can still make out the inscription in Spanish: "2051 ao de la patria".
This sign indicates the direction to Phoenix.
Fire frap
This dangerous trap will explode with a fireball if someone activates it.
Gas cylinder
This gas cylinder seems to have come from the warehouse above.
Lifebelt
This is an old life preserver.
It's an advertisement for a pre-war drink.
The inscription says, "Old Lighthouse"
The name of the fishing club is ineptly written on the wall with paint.
Ruins of a lighthouse
These are the ruins of an ancient lighthouse.
Body of a teenager
You are looking at the body of a young man. You'll have to take a closer look to understand the cause of death.
A ventilation shaft goes down into the depths.
A rope has been thrown down into this ventilation shaft.
A cloth with some kind of religious symbol on it.
Gathering point
This is the rally point for the departure to Sonora.
Car tunnel
This car tunnel passes through the Mexican border.
Entrance to the arena
Road signs
Old road signs.
Assembled from junk, yet quite sturdy, gates.
Rollbar
Street shopping cart. Cannot be restored.
Market stall.
Apparently, there used to be a trade here. Now you can't even hide from the sun.
Pile of scrap metal
Just a bunch of different scrap metal. Maybe if you dig through it, you'll find something useful.
Partially burnt out pre-war advertising.
#NAME?
Jerky
This meat is on drying.
An electro-magnetic pulse emitter.
Fence post
Remnants of an ancient wooden fence.
Debris
Debris of a monumental arch are blocking the street passage.
Bar stool
An ordinary rusty garage door.
It says, "Beware! High Voltage."
Sign "1"
The sign with the number 1.
Sign "2"
Sign with the number 2.
Worn door
This door is trying to block your way.
Doors
A rusty double door.
Wooden bridge
You're lucky someone threw some planks across the creek.
Pipe
This looks like a drainage outlet.
This is a workshop and store sign.
Broken bridge
Volleyball backboard
Fuel pump
Arch
Advertising hologram
This hologram is silently displaying something.
Service station
Tie
A fragment of the bridge frame.
Entrance to the station
Workbench with parts
Someone is trying to assemble a weapon on this table using the materials available.
Just a table.
Holographic emitter
You don't know what this is or why it's installed here.
Holographic projector.
The word "HoloGen" is written on this object. You don't know what it is.
The lock on this door is badly rusted.
Another road sign. You've seen these before.
It's just a regular double door.
The TV screen shows white noise.
TV screen
An old rusty sign.
Hole in the floor
Another pre-war advertisement.
Hanger
These doors lead inside the building.
Nitric acid
A cylinder of nitric acid. Judging by the signs, this is a very dangerous item.
Ruined highway
Remains of some kind of pre-war poster.
Propaganda poster.
A very old poster in English.
This column collapsed after cracks formed in it.
A spacious but very dirty bed.
